---
title: Clayman License
permalink: /support/license
---


Clayman Asset Manager License

Copyright (C) 2021-2022 Obrt Dobro, Aleks Katunar, Žabica 1, 51000 Rijeka, Croatia, Europe.


Clayman Asset manager is not free for use in any Freelance / Indie environment, including but not necessarily limited to: personal, academic, commercial, government, business, non-profit, and for-profit. “Not Free” in the preceding sentence means that there is no cost or charge associated with the installation of Clayman Asset manager but there is a License fee per used seat.


Clayman Asset manager is not free for use in any Studio environment, including but not necessarily limited to: personal, academic, commercial, government, business, non-profit, and for-profit. “Not Free” in the preceding sentence means that there is no cost or charge associated with the installation of Clayman Asset manager but there is a License fee per used seat.
If you usualy pay for pipeline development or you have technical director / technical artists hires, you should ask for a Studio license. Studio License entitles you to use Clayman for commercial and non-commercial work and usage scenarios including but not necessarily limited to: personal, academic, commercial, government, business, non-profit, and for-profit.


Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any Freelancer / Indie / Studio - being Freelancer / Indie / Studio / Studio owener / It / Pipeline or hire / user or artist - obtaining a copy of this software (the “Software”) but not to use the Software without paying the License per seat. Evaluation period is granted for 7 days after download in good faith on the User.


You may not modify, adapt, rent, lease, loan, sell, or create derivative works based upon the Software or any part thereof.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
